Add pre-merge history expiry page (#1815)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/concepts/node-sync.md

Checkpoint sync behaves like [snap sync](#snap-synchronization), but instead of syncing from the
genesis block, it syncs from a specific checkpoint block configured in the [Besu genesis file](genesis-file.md).

:::info important

> When you run a fresh checkpoint sync, Besu skips all pre-merge PoW blocks and discards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run a fresh checkpoint sync, Besu skips all pre-merge PoW block bodies and
```

Reviewer: discards implies it downloads and discards, it skips them the same as the block bodies

> their headers. If you need the headers, use Snap sync. If you need the block bodies, use Snap sync with [`--snapsync-synchronizer-pre-checkpoint-headers-only-enabled`](../reference/cli/options.md#snapsync-synchronizer-pre-checkpoint-headers-only-enabled) set to `false`

Reviewer: I think we could more strongly recommend people use SNAP over CHECKPOINT as we would like to deprecate CHECKPOINT (though haven't yet)
